Just like that, we're at the end of the course.
Thank you so much for sticking with me through all the new concepts and syntax.
I hope that this course has dissolved any mystery surrounding asynchronous programming,
and that you feel equipped to use these skills in your job or next project.
In this course, you've achieved a ton,
and taken a huge step forward in your skills as a developer.
Like I mentioned at the very beginning of the course,
mastering asynchronous programming is a vital skill,
especially for JavaScript developers,
and it doesn't happen overnight.
Beyond this course, I encourage you to practice these concepts and look
for how other developers are using them in their libraries and codebases,
so that you can truly master asynchronous programming.
All the best to you, and good luck in the project.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6